# 5. SocialNetwork V1.0 - recap

In the lab last week, we worked on a new project called __SocialNetworkV1.0__.  This app presented the user with a simple menu for adding and listing social media posts.  To refresh your memory on this project, please read the information below.



## MessagePost class

This class contained three instance fields:

- **author**, with a default value of ""
- **message** with a default value of ""
- **likes** with a default value of 0

It has one constructor `public MessagePost(String author, String message)` that updates the author and message at object creation time. 

Each instance field has a getter and setter. 

There is one additional method `public String display()` that displays the message post to the user:

~~~
    public String display() {
        String str = "";

        str += (author + "\n");

        if(likes > 0) {
            str += ("  -  " + likes + " people like this.\n");
        }
        else {
            str += "0 likes.\n";
        }

        if (!message.isEmpty()){
            str += "\t" + message + "\n";
        }
        return str;
    }
~~~



## NewsFeed class

The NewsFeed class contained one instance field called **posts** that held an ArrayList of MessagePosts.  The default constructor instantiated this ArrayList.  

We wrote a method `public boolean addPost(MessagePost post)` that accpeted a MessagePost object as a parameter and added it to the **posts** ArrayList.  The method returned a boolean to indicate if this add was successful or not.  

We also wrote a `public String show()` method that returned a String comprising posts stored in the ArrayList.  If there were no posts in the ArrayList, the String "No Posts" was returned.


## Driver class

The Driver class contained an instance field called **newsFeed** that is of type `NewsFeed`.  

We used the new [ScannerInput.java](archives/ScannerInput.java) class for User I/O.

The default constructor called the `runMenu()` method which managed the menu, and in turn, displayed the menu with two items on it:

~~~
    private int mainMenu(){
        return ScannerInput.readNextInt("""
               Social Network Menu
                  ---------------------
                  1) Add a Message Post
                  2) List all Posts
                  ---------------------
                  0) Exit
               ==>>  """);
    }
~~~

We wrote a method called **private void addMessagePost()** that asks the user for author name and message before adding them (as a MessasgePost object) to the newsFeed ArrayList in the **NewsFeed** class.

We wrote a second method called **private void showPosts()** that displayed the list of messages stored in the newsFeed ArrayList in the **NewsFeed** class.



## Solution for SocialNetwork1.0

If you didn't complete SocialNetworkV1.0, the solution [is here](archives/SocialNetworkV1.0.zip).

If you did complete it, open your SocialNetworkV1.0 code in IntelliJ.


## Run and Test

Run the code and test it by adding a few messages and listing them.  

Try listing the messages when none have been entered (you can do this by restarting the app and listing without adding).

