# 6. Social Network V2.0

Create a new project in IntelliJ called `SocialNetworkV2.0` and copy in the src code from `SocialNetworkV1.0`.  

We will now extend the code to allow the user to update and delete Messages. 

In this task, refer to the ShopV4.0 code as a support / template.


## Update a Message - NewsFeed class changes

Add the following new methods to the NewsFeed class:

- `public int numberOfPosts()` returns the size of the posts list

- `public boolean isValidIndex(int index)` returns true if the index passed as a parameter is a valid index in the posts ArrayList, false otherwise.

- `public MessagePost findMessagePost(int index)` if the index passed as a parameter is a valid index in the posts ArrayList, return the MessagePost stored at that index location.  Return false otherwise.

- ` public boolean updateMessagePost(int indexToUpdate, MessagePost updateDetails)` Use the findMessagePost to retrieve the object located at index, indexToUpdate.  If null is returned, return false (indicating the update was unsuccessful).  If the ojbect is returned, update it with the author and message details passed in the parameter, updateDetails.


Currently the showPosts method outputs like so, with no index number:

~~~
Siobhan
0 likes.
	Hi

Mairead
0 likes.
	Howdy
~~~

Update the showPosts method so that an index number is placed before the author name.


## Update a Message - Driver class changes

In the Driver, a third menu option:  3) Update a Message Post.

In the Driver, add a new method: private void updateMessagePost().  This method will:

- Show the posts to the user.

- If there are posts, the user will be asked to enter the index of the message they want to update.  If there are no posts, the message "There are no messages for this index number" should be displayed.

- If the index is valid, the user will be asked to enter new details for author and message and will call the new updateMessagePost method in the NewsFeed class.  An "Update Successful" message will be displayed, assuming all goes well.  If not "Update NOT Successful" will be displayed.



## Test the changes

Run your code and test this code for the following three scenarios:

- No Message Posts exist...try updating a MessagePost. The message "No posts" should be displayed.

- Create two MessagePosts...try updating a MessagePost at index 6. A message similar to "There are no messages for this index number" should be displayed.

- With the two MessagePosts created...try updating a MessagePost at index 1. It should be updated successfully.


## Delete a MessagePost

Now that you have the update code in place, try making the changes yourself for deleting a MessagePost, option 4 on the menu.  
Refer to the ShopV4.0 project for code approaches.  

When ready, run your code and test for the following three scenarios:

- No Message Posts exist...try deleting a MessagePost. The message "No posts" should be displayed.

- Create two MessagePosts...try deleting a MessagePost at index 6. A message similar to "Delete NOT Successful" should be displayed.

- With the two MessagePosts created...try deleting a MessagePost at index 1. It should be deleted successfully and a response should be printed indicating which post was deleted.

Save and close your project.

