# Formative Assignment (no grade)

## What is a Formative Assignment?

A formative assignment is a **practice** body of work where you get feedback but no grade towards the module.  


## What is GitHub Classroom?

During this course, we plan to use a private GitHub Classroom area to manage our Assignments. 

When we hand out an assignment, we will give you an **invite link** to a specific assignment area in our GitHub Classroom.  

So that you are fully familar with how this GitHub Classroom works, we are giving out this formative (practice) assignment.  


## GitHub Account

To continue with this module, you will need to have set up a GitHub account. If you don't have an account, set one up now (using your student email).



## Main Steps for working on the formative assigment


In this formative assignment, you will perform the following steps (this lab take you through this approach in detail):


- You will be given an **invite link** to the assignment in our GitHub Classroom area.

- When you click on the link, you accept the assignment from our Github Classroom; this will create a new **remote repository** for you in our classroom area in GitHub.

- You will then **clone** this remote repo onto your **local machine (via IntelliJ)**.  This will setup a project in IntelliJ for you with starter code. 

- This starter project is ShopV2.3.  However, it doesn't have any field validation in the Product class.

- This starter project will define the validation rules (including default values) for Product class for you to work on (you code in IntelliJ in the local project you just cloned).

- As you write code for each validation you will continually commit and push your changes to your remote repo. 








