# 5. Compiling Tests

In this step, we will walk you through fixing some of the compile errors in JUnit classes.  

You can then use this approach to fix ALL the compile errors in your project.  Remember, DON'T CHANGE THE JUNIT TESTS...change the code in the *src* folder.

When you have all the compile errors fixed, move onto the next step.


## Fixing your first compile error in Owner


You will see that it is not compiling.  The reason they aren't compiling is that you haven't written any of the Owner source code, in particular, you haven't got a constructor in Owner.  

To fix this, go to the *src/models* folder and open the Owner class:

If we ingore the validation rules for the moment, we can just add the fields and generate the basic constructor:

Now return back to Owner and you will notice some tests are now compiling:



## Fixing the remaining compile errors in OwnerTest

The remaining compile errors in Owner are because the getters and setters are not written for the fields.  

Return back to the Owner class and generate the getters and setters for these fields.  Again, don't worry about implementing the validation rules...we just want to get the test classes compiling first.

Now the Owner class should have no syntax errors in it:


Remember, you haven't completed this class yet; you still have to add the validaiton and other items (see the TODO comments for details).


## Fixing the compile errors in DogTest

Follow the same steps to get the DogTest compiling


**DON'T change the JUnit Test classes to get them compiling**...you need to change your SRC code.  You will loose marks if you change the JUnit test classes.

## Fixing the compile errors in DayCare

Follow the same steps to get the DayCare compiling


**DON'T change the JUnit Test classes to get them compiling**...you need to change your SRC code.  You will loose marks if you change the JUnit test classes.

## Running the tests

Now that your tests are compiling, you can run all your tests.  Right click on the green test folder and select **Run "All Tests"**.
 
 You will see that there are a lot of failing tests:


Now you are ready to start working on building the complete functionality...the full details are in the TODO comments.  As you start adding functionality, you can keep running these tests to verify if your new code is correct. 


## Commit and Push your code changes 

Commit and push your code to your remote repo.

