#Marking Scheme


TODO - working on idea of a rubric?


There are three components to your overall mark:

- Functionality of the code
- Extra Credit
- Interview mark

#Functionality of the Code  (100 Marks)

The marks for the functionality of code is broken into the following:

- Player: 7%

- Club: 20%

- Country: 28%

- Driver (SixNationsDriver): 30%

- Utilities (use of the class and adding extra methods): 8%

- Using the ScannerInput: 2%

- Coding standards, naming, style, Javadoc, etc: 5%

(this may change slightly but not too much)


#Extra Credit (maximum grade of 100%)

All extra credit is only available if all specified functionality is attempted.  Please note, with extra credit marks, your grade cannot exceed a maximum of 100%.


##Extra functionality bonus

An extra 10% will be available if you include extra functionality e.g.: 

- including exceptions throughout, 
- robust error handling,
- fancy menu system,
- etc.

For example, if your grade was 70% and you added some extra credit functionality worth 6%, your final grade would be 76% (interview dependent).

Note: If you are making changes to the functionality, it may be the case that the tests will fail for that particular area.  In this case, you are permitted to update the tests to reflect this new functionality, but please include a README with your project to indicate that you have done this. 


##Early Submission Award

An early submission *multiplier* of 10%, if you submit by **5pm Sunday, 7th March 2021**.

For example, if your grade was 70% for the submitted work (including any extra credit functionality), you will be awarded 10% of this, i.e. 7%.  This means your final grade will be 77% (interview dependent).


#Interview Mark (10 Marks) 

You will be asked to explain your work. This is to ensure that the work is your own. You may be asked (for example) to explain:

- Any of the code.
- The effect of changing values in the for loop.
- How specific methods work. 
- Etc.

If you do not present for your interview you will receive 0 for the interview and 0% overall. This means you **must** be avaiable for interview during the labs the week after submission. 


#How is the final mark calculated?
 
The final mark is calculated using the following formula:

(((Functionality of Code + Extra Functionality Credit) + Early Submission Award) * Interview Mark) / 10

 Example:
 
 - Functionality of code = 70/100
 - Extra Functionality Credit = 6/10
 - Early Submission Award = (76 * 10%) = 7.6
 - Interview Mark = 9/10
 - Final mark = (((70 + 6) + 7.6) * 9) / 10 = 75.24

