# 15. Plan of Action/Attack

When approaching this assignment, we suggest that you use this sequence. 
1. You should start at the `models` part of the assignment. 
2. Then move onto the `controllers` (CelestialSystemAPI).
3. Then move to Driver.

## 1. models
You should start here. We suggest that you work in this order: 

- Write dummy code for CelestialBody, StellarObject and Star
- Ensure that the given tests (CelestialBodyTest, StellarObjectTest and StarTest) are compiling (if not fix that by ensuring that all methods are written exactly as per UML)
- Then write the code for CelestialBody. Work on this until  CelestialBodyTest fully passes. Now, you can fully depend on this basic building block of your system.
- Now write the code for StellarObject. Again, work on this until StellarObjectTest fully passes.
- Now write the code for Star. Again, work on this until StarTest fully passes.
- Next, look at the spec for the Abstract class Planet. A good approach is to write tests first. As in StellarObject, we need to have a concrete subclass available to help us here. So suggest: 
  - Write first version of Planet with fields and (dummy) methods as per UML.
  - Write first version of GasPlanet with fields and (dummy) methods as per UML.
  - Write tests for Planet(call the test class PlanetTest) (do this by creating an GasPlanet object). Note you only need to test the methods spec'ed in Planet (not GasPlanet).
  - Write code for Planet. (Writing the tests first should help you getting to know what each method should do. You might find while writing the code that you have omitted some tests - just go back and add these test in)
  - Get (PlanetTest) tests passing . 
  - Write tests for GasPlanet (call the test class GasPlanetTest) (only testing the methods specifically in GasPlanet)
  - Write code for GasPlanet and get tests passing.
  - Write tests for IcePlanet (not required) 
  - Write code for IcePlanet and get the tests passing. 

## 2. controllers

You are give a working version of PlanetarySystemAPI. You should have a look at this now. This will help you to write CelestialBodyDeviceAPI (as well as previous API's in labs and in your last assignment).
You are given a partial version of CelestialBodyDeviceAPITest. You need to complete this. So we suggest:

- Write dummy code for all methods (as per UML).
- Ensure that the (partial) CelestialBodyDeviceAPITest compiles.
- Write the (CelestialBodyDeviceAPI) methods that are tested in the (partial) CelestialBodyDeviceAPITest.
- Complete the tests in CelestialBodyDeviceAPITest by writing the tests for the untested methods in CelestialBodyDeviceAPI.
- Write the code for these methods and get the tests passing.
- Write javadoc for this class. Remember, Javadoc code should describe what is being done, what is being returned, not how it is being done. It is like the instructions in a user-manual.


## 3. Driver


Write the driver as before, using the usual console-based menu system. You are not asked to write tests for Driver.

 