# 3. Exercises

Using the same method naming system, attempt the following exercises.

In each case:

- Add a method to the Driver class as written in the previous step.

- Declare the primitive array as needed locally in your method.

- Use the global Scanner object to read in data from the user.

- Call your writen method from the main class (and comment out calls to other methods).


## Exercise 2

Write a method to read in 6 integers into an integer array and then print the values out backwards.  Call this method exercise_2.


## Exercise 3

Write a method to read in 6 values into an integer array. Then add one to each value in the array. Finally, print out the resultant values in the array. Call this method exercise_3.


## Exercise 4

Write a method to read in 10 ‘wages’ into a ‘double’ array (i.e. an array where each element is a double, for instance 2.33). Finally print out these values. Call this method exercise_4.


## Exercise 5

Write a method to Similar to above , i.e. read in 10 ‘wages’ into a ‘double’ array (i.e. an array where each element is a double, for instance 2.33). This time only print out any wages over 100. Call this exercise_5.


## Exercise 6

Similar to above, i.e. Read in 10 ‘wages’ into a ‘double’ array (i.e. an array where each element is a double, for instance 2.33). Anyone who earns over 1000 will have a wage reduction of 10%. Make this reduction. Finally print out all the values. Call this method exercise_6.


## Exercise 7

Write a method to read in 10 'wages' into a 'double' array as above. Calculate and print the average of the inputted wages.  Call this method exercise_7.
