# Assignment Approach 


We will be using GitHub Classroom for this assignment. 


## Overall Steps in the Assignment:


1. *Accepting the Assignment*: You will be given an **invite link** to the assignment in our GitHub Classroom area.  When you click on the link, you accept the assignment from our Github Classroom; this will create a new **remote repository** for you in our classroom area in GitHub.

2. *Clone via IntelliJ*: You will then **clone** this remote repo onto your **local machine (via IntelliJ)**.  This will setup a local project in IntelliJ for you with starter code.

3. *Starter Code*: The downloaded starter project will have a series of **TODO** instructions in Dog, Owner, DayCare and Driver.

4. *JUnit Tests*: This starter project has a full test suite included.

5. *Compiling Tests*: Your first step is to get your app compiling with the JUnit Test Suite.  This will involve writing the required method signatures and, where required, dummy return values e.g. "", 0, null, depending on the return type.  

6. *Work on TODOs*: As you complete the methods/code for each **TODO**, you should continually commit and push your changes to your remote repo. 

7. *Marking Scheme*: As you work through the various aspects of the assignment, it is very important that you keep an eye on the marking scheme and where marks are awarded. 

8. *Submitting*: When you are ready to submit, you will ensure that you have pushed your last commit to GitHub.  You will also zip your code and submit it via the dropbox in Moodle.  Both of these must be done by the submission date. 






