#15. Plan of Action/Attack

When approaching this assignment, we suggest that you use this sequence. 
1. You should start at the `models` part of the assignment. 
2. Then move onto the `controllers` (Vehicle API).
3. Then move to Driver.

## 1. models
You should start here. We suggest that you work in this order: 

- Write dummy code for Vehicle and Scooter
- Ensure that the given tests (VehicleTest and ScooterTest) are compiling (if not fix that by ensuring that all methods are written exactly as per UML)
- Then write the code for Vehicle. Work on this until  VehicleTest fully passes. Now, you can fully depend on this basic building block of your system.
- Now write the code for Scooter. Again, work on this until ScooterTest fully passes.

- Next, look at the spec for the Abstract class Car. A good approach is to write tests first. As in Vehicle, we need to have a concrete subclass available to help us here. So suggest: 
  - Write first version of Vehicle with fields and (dummy) methods as per UML.
  - Write first version of ElectricCar with fields and (dummy) methods as per UML.
  - Write tests for Car(call the test class CarTest) (do this by creating an ElectricCar object). Note you only need to test the methods spec'ed in Car (not ElectricCar).
  - Write code for Car. (Writing the tests first should help you getting to know what each method should do. You might find while writing the code that you have omitted some tests - just go back and add these test in)
  - Get (CarTest) tests passing . 
  - Write tests for ElectricCar (call the test class ElectricCarTest) (only testing the methods specifically in ElectricCar)
  - Write code for ElectricCar and get tests passing.
  - Write tests for CarbonFuelCar (call the test class CarbonFuelCarTest)
  - Write code for CarbonFuelCar and get the tests passing. 

## 2. controllers

You are give a working version of ManufacturerAPI. You should have a look at this now. This will help you to write VehicleAPI (as well as previous API's in labs and in your last assignment).
You are given a partial version of VehicleAPITest. You need to complete this. So we suggest:

- Write dummy code for all methods (as per UML).
- Ensure that the (partial) VehicleAPITest compiles.
- Write the (VehicleAPI) methods that are tested in the (partial) VehicleAPITest.
- Complete the tests in VehicleAPITest by writing the tests for the untested methods in VehicleAPI.
- Write the code for these methods and get the tests passing.
- Write javadoc for this class. Remember, Javadoc code should describe what is being done, what is being returned, not how it is being done. It is like the instructions in a user-manual.


## 3. Driver


Write the driver as before, using the usual console-based menu system. You are not asked to write tests for Driver.

 