#17. Submitting & Interview


### Deadline

-  **Week 13: 18:00 PM on Monday, 1st May 2023.**


### Submitting

- **GitHub**: Do a final commit of all your work and push it to your remote repository.

- **Moodle**: 
    - Rename your project name using the naming convention firstnamesurname e.g. maireadmeagher. (inside IntelliJ)
    - Zip the folder containing all the project files, and name the folder firstname_surname.zip. No WINRARs please!
    - Upload this zip file to Moodle. 


### Interview Process

- Interviews to demonstrate the understanding of the submitted Assignment 2 code will be **written** instead of **verbal**.

- This written exam will take place in a room at an advertised date and time, with plenty of notice. Date will be decided when the exam schedules are published.  It is compulsory that you attend this written exam (i.e. it is a scheduled written exam like the other exams on your timetable).

- We will bring the paper for the exam. Please make sure you have pens, etc. with you.

- Laptops, phones, etc not permitted to be used during the exam. If you have been given permission to use a laptop for your other written exams, please notify BOTH Mairead and Siobhan in advance.  If you have been given any other allowances for written exams, please let us know well in advance also.

- This is a [sample written exam](archives/SampleWrittenInterview.pdf) illustrating the types of questions that may be asked.  Please familiarise yourself with the style of questions that can be asked.

- Grading for the assignment is based on the submitted project. The written interview exam is only used to gauge the quality of the submitted code versus your level of understanding. It will not be used as a multiplier for the project, nor will it be graded.

- If the quality of the written interview exam differs significantly from the submitted project, we will ask you to come in for a compulsory verbal interview to explain your submitted code. This verbal interview grade will be used as a multiplier for your project grade.

- If the quality of the written interview exam is similar to the quality of the submitted project, there will be no need for a verbal interview and your full grade for the submitted code will be processed. We will send out an email letting all students know when we are finished contacting all those we wish to recall for a verbal interview.

- Please note that failure to show for the written exam (without documented mitigating circumstances) will result in you automatically being scheduled for a verbal interview. As stated above, all verbal interviews are used as multipliers for your project code.

